This sermon is brought to you by Buford Road Baptist Church.
the speaker today is Pastor Tony Kahoot
I want to share just a little thought with you.
From yesterday's funeral. I don't know if anybody's here, as I've already mentioned, from that.
Service, but as I was sitting in the chair and.
There were so many people that they had opened the floor up to whoever wanted to say anything could come up here.
One after the other did, and I sat there and.
Uh,
I said, Lord, there's no way.
That I can preach this message.
And it was almost like the Lord said, I know that.
And it had gone on for a little extended period of time. I said, these people are tired. They're sitting here.
They've been they've been here for a while, and they've listened to these wonderful, beautiful, incredible stories. I said, they're not going to have their minds on the word at all.
everybody's waiting to get out of here is pouring down rain and lark was just saying chill man chill.
I said give me something Lord this
Sermon I have is not going to work at this moment.
And the Lord spoke to my heart. I think I have told you that the funeral yesterday was a
Four young men that had taken his life, tragically, a few days before Christmas,
And so,
I had never done this before. In 40 plus years of preaching, I have never, never, never,
Addressed suicide from a
Straight up.
Biblical perspective.
And the Lord said, do it.
And I did.
And he gave me a just.
Two scriptures.
And I presented it in such a way.
That in the end,
16 people gave their hearts to Christ.
At the conclusion of that sermon,
I noticed down here at the front there was a young man that had fallen on the altar.
And there have been, listen, there has been a long time.
Since I have seen tear stains.
Only altar.
Well, that ought to convict us.
It ought to bring deep conviction to us.
But I saw tear stains on the on the carpet.
And I saw his body jerkin'.
I stopped in the midst of the crowd. I went over there, put my arms around me. I said,
I want to pray with your son
His father had just taken his life.
And he sobbed uncontrollably on this altar. I don't know what business he was doing with God, but I know something spiritual was going on.
All I could do was pray with him.
And I'll tell you all of that to say this.
Don't ever pass up an opportunity
There'll be an instrument of the Lord.
The Bible says in Galatians Sixteen, as we have therefore opportunity, let us do good unto all men, especially unto them who are the household of faith.
Don't pass your opportunities up because they may never come your way again.
But I rejoice in the Lord for these twenty people that gave
their hearts to Christ.
you listen to Pastor Tony Kahoot
For more information, visit our website at bufordrodebaptistchurch.com